>> Nina Zakharenko: Merge conflicts.
These happen when we try to merge but
our files have diverged,
the changes are not compatible.
Git's going to stop until
the conflicts are resolved.
>> Nina Zakharenko: During the merge,
git is going to try to merge in your
changes on the branch with various
strategies.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
when that contact can't be automatically
merged then you'll get
a conflict like this.
You'll probably see this message lots of
times if you work on a branch that has
lots of contributors or
lots of people making changes to the same
files.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Now,
git's gonna create a new file.
It's gonna contain those conflicts,
and you can make edits,
have the solution, and
then commit, and continue.
Later in the course, we're going to cover
what is gonna happen when your merges
go horribly, horribly wrong,
and how to fix that.
But for now,
I wanted to show you a really cool tool.
Git Rerere, which stands for
Reuse Recorded Resolution is a really,
really helpful tool.
What it does is when it's turned on, git's
gonna save how you resolved a conflict.
And next conflict, it's just
gonna reuse that same resolution.
It's really useful for
things like a long lived feature branch,
like a refactor, or when you're rebasing.
Has anyone tried a rebase, and
then every time you rebase,
just merge conflicts keep
coming up over and over again?
Yeah, big nod.
So this is gonna save you.
And it saved me recently when I
was working on a massive refactor.
I work at Venmo and
even though it's a hot, cool new tool,
the reality is the code base
is about eight years old now.
So I was working on a big
refactor of our email system,
and that email system is
used all over the code base.
The refactor took a really long time.
It was one of the earliest features,
it just was everywhere.
And the problem was that
new features that were being added
were also calling the email code.
So as I was working, new conflicts would
be introduced every day or every few days.
And I'd have to resolve those
merge conflicts every time I
tried to pull down master.
Using git rerere,
I didn't have to make the same resolutions
in the same files over and over again.
It was one and done, and
it saved me hours of work.
So if you find yourself in this situation,
git rerere is truly awesome.
Now, how do we use it?
First, we have to turn it on.
We have two options for turning it on.
We can use git config and
then rerere.enabled, and
you'll wanna pass in true or one.
That will turn on git rerere
in just your current project.
If you wanna turn it on for all projects,
you're gonna want to use the --global
flag when calling git config.
Now, let's see how it works.
I've turned on rerere in my git config,
and now I try to merge in my feature.
I have a conflict, and I've solved
the conflict, and then added the file.
Now, I've done my commit,
resolved the conflict.
Git will tell you when you commit
that it's recorded resolution for
that conflict.
So next time that same conflict comes up,
it'll be matched.
So my feature wasn't ready.
I undid the merge.
When I try to merge again,
>> Nina Zakharenko: We'll
see that,
>> Nina Zakharenko: Git
has added the recorded resolution
back to our staging area.
So it won't commit it for
you automatically.
It'll stop and let you take a peek and
make sure that everything's
correct.
>> Nina Zakharenko: But
we'll see that in our message that
the resolution was applied automatically.